Add Hades in bond instruction page (#50)
OlympusDAO-Education/Documentation: using-the-website/bonds.md

3. After the "Approve" transaction has been processed successfully, click "Bond" and sign the transaction. Voila, you have purchased your first DAI bond!

#### Hades

> Hades is a feature that allows you to purchase bond and send it to another account. This is useful when you wish to purchase another bond while the current bond is being vested - if the same account holds multiple bonds, the pending rewards from the earlier bonds will be forfeited.

Reviewer: What do you think about this? 

```suggestion
Hades is a feature that allows you to purchase bonds while sending the acquired OHM to another address. This is useful for additional privacy, or for purchasing multiple bonds while the current bonds are still vesting. Note that if the same account holds multiple bonds, the pending rewards from the earlier bonds have to be forfeited.
```

Author: Let's go with your suggestion
